README.md, before:

# MainDeveFolio

# Type
My personal webdevfolio using react.js and django. 

# Main Language
1. Javascript
2. Python.

# Frame-Works
- React (Client-Side): Used React for the UI dev
- Django (Server-Side): Used Django for back-end dev

# Tips and installation processes to undertake
Install the followin as stated: 
1. Front-end Dev: React, Scss. 
2. Back-end Dev: django, DRF, corseheaders,

# Tips and installation guild to use the framework/library
- For the Front-end Dev: To use this respositroy in you machine you will have to navigate to the font-end base file and run "npm install" to install all the packcge.json libraries, to use the front-end run "npm run dev".
- &
- For the back-end, first navigate to the root folder and activate the environment by running "venv/Scripts/activate" in the root folder then navigate to te back-end root folder and then run "python manage.py runserver". If you get and error just navigate to the root folder and install the necessary tools found in Requirement.txt and run "python manage.py runserver".

# Main branch Link
https://github.com/Nelson19so/MainDeveFolio/

# Note
this Respository is for my personnal blog Development Website Portfolio and it is a prvate respositroy.

Commit message:

README.md
# MainDeveFolio

# Type
My personal web dev folio using react.js and django. 

# Main Language
1. Javascript
2. Python.

# Frame-Works
- React (Client-Side): Used React for the UI dev
- Django (Server-Side): Used Django for back-end dev

# Tips and installation processes to undertake
Install the following as stated: 
1. Front-end Dev: React, Scss. 
2. Back-end Dev: django, DRF, corseheaders,

# Tips and installation guild to use the framework/library
- For the Front-end Dev: To use this respository in your machine you will have to navigate to the front-end main folder and run "npm install" to install all the packcge.json libraries, to use the front-end enchine to view the project UI run "npm run dev".
  
- For the back-end Dev: first navigate to the root folder and activate the environment by running "venv/Scripts/activate" then navigate to the back-end root folder and then run "python manage.py runserver". If you get and error just navigate to the project main root folder and install the necessary tools found in Requirement.txt and run "python manage.py runserver".

# Main branch Link
https://github.com/Nelson19so/MainDeveFolio/

# Note
this Respository is for my personal blog Development Website Portfolio and it is a private respository. 
- Ensure you have created a main root folder to structure the back-end and front-end folder before extracting this project
- The Front-end uses Vite soo ensure to install vite if any error occures, to install vite simply run "npm install vite".

README.md, after:

# MainDeveFolio

# Type
My personal webdevfolio using react.js and django. 

# Main Language
1. Javascript
2. Python.

# Frame-Works
- React (Client-Side): Used React for the UI dev
- Django (Server-Side): Used Django for back-end dev

# Tips and installation processes to undertake
Install the followin as stated: 
1. Front-end Dev: React, Scss. 
2. Back-end Dev: django, DRF, corseheaders,

# Tips and installation guild to use the framework/library
- For the Front-end Dev: To use this respositroy in your machine you will have to navigate to the front-end main folder and run "npm install" to install all the packcge.json libraries, to use the front-end enchine to view the project UI run "npm run dev".
  
- For the back-end Dev: first navigate to the root folder and activate the environment by running "venv/Scripts/activate" then navigate to te back-end root folder and then run "python manage.py runserver". If you get and error just navigate to the project main rootfolder and install the necessary tools found in Requirement.txt and run "python manage.py runserver".

# Main branch Link
https://github.com/Nelson19so/MainDeveFolio/

# Note
this Respository is for my personnal blog Development Website Portfolio and it is a prvate respositroy. 
- Ensure you have created a main root folder to structure the back-end and front-end folder before extracting this project
- The Front-end uses Vite soo ensure to install vite if any error occure, to install vite simply run "npm install vite".
